hey guys this is trip see this is a
Battlefield Bad Company 2 video which I
previously said I will be doing more of
but the reason why I've been doing that
many and had doing more modern warfare 2
is because again these games last a
really long time up to 40 minutes so
editing these videos is really a bitch
to do I mean this to edit this video it
took me like 35 minutes just bejust to
remove all like the boring deaths and
just running around the map trying to
find people so I just trained I guess
cramming all the cool kills or just
skills in general and just a few that
stuff some variety my final score is I
think 20 and 30 and we do end up losing
but the you will not see that in the
video because I did have to cut it short
due to the stupid YouTube time limit so
I kept it around 8 and a half minutes
rather than have it a 35 minute video
it's unknowable so apologize for that
but at least I told you in the beginning
and the reason why we lost is because I
joint I'm not gonna do I'm not a team
right now I joined the game so obviously
I'm at a disadvantage because one of my
teammates is an 11 year old Australian
kid while the other guy is uh has no mic
at all so you see I definitely have the
upper advantage here yeah
and I'm also playing at 2:00 a.m. so I
was really fucking tired so yeah that's
just shows how teamwork is such a
necessity in this game and you can't
just rely on yourself again this game is
so much different the mono word for to
you know use the same tactics from that
game
and this game has you in his end of time
so moving on to the gun I am using this
scar and I know what you're thinking no
this is not the same scar as the one in
mono or four - it is not even an assault
rifle it's actually an SMG in this game
there's a scar so rifle SMG and if I
remember correctly I think there's one
for a light machine guns - but correct
me if I'm wrong I don't know so anyway
so this is the scar which is in the
engineer class there's assault which is
like the m16 or the kind of the heavy
powered but heavy powered / mobile guns
you have in the engineer class which is
SMG is like the ufp the scar you have
the light machine gun class like the m60
and then g3 and you have the Recon class
which is basically the sniper so yeah so
I'm kind of gonna give a review of the
gun itself and the class so again this
is the scar on the engineer class the
engineer class was meant for close
quarter combat and taking out vehicles
as you see I think I use it once in this
video I do use the RPG they'll get any
kills because RPG on actual actual
people for some reason does very low
damage while it does like 50% damage we
go as you see right here I use this RPG
as a zoom which is pretty cool but it's
really meant for vehicles like
helicopters and tanks rather than for
people which I learned just right here
after shooting right at somebody's face
and not even getting a hit marker so
yeah so use this game for small maps
which is really a big map in mountain
warfare too so you have to really play
this game a lot to know what a small map
is and for
vehicle heavy maps as well for
especially ones where vehicles spawn
quite frequently in this game this class
is really good for want to get points
because taking out enemy vehicles get
you like 100 200 points which is really
good if you knew this game and this gun
is so quick and the damage is it has the
lowest damage but the rate of fire is so
quick that it makes up for it so you can
kill people in literally like three
seconds which is pretty fast for this
game and even the sound it makes is
pretty cool sounds like a cricket
taking a diarrhea I don't know why that
sounds cool but I don't even know why I
said that but it just sounds really
fucking weird and cool and quick and
samurai like yeah I was a fail anyway so
you know to notice this gun has a
silencer no other class has a silencer
it is only the engineer class the
silencer will let me let me start by
saying this on the map if you shoot your
gun whether it's silenced or not you'll
not there is no Red Dawn somebody has to
spot you by aiming at you clicking the
back button for you to appear to
everybody on the team but the weather if
they don't do that with their silenced
or not you don't appear as a red dot so
you say what's the point of the silencer
it doesn't decrease damage it doesn't do
any of that the only I guess advantage
to the silencer is indicated the muzzle
flash yeah the most fun that's where
song decreases the muzzle flash to
basically nothing rather than other guns
so for example if you shot some an enemy
teammate and then there was another
enemy right near him and he saw his
teammate died he wouldn't know where you
are because not only is the gun the
sound is so quiet on its own but also
the flash is basically invisible so you
can really be a stealth clown for those
of you who don't know that just look
that up give me a really good stealth
clown by using the engineer class so on
its it does
it's too big of an advantage else I
think of it as almost pointless but it
just looks cool and if a if your close
quarter combat and there's a bunch of
people and other people don't know who
you are well I guess it's worth it it
just depends on the person and they're
placed on how they play so um yeah so
moving on I use this telescope of death
I would call it to seek out I don't
really I don't really use it to get
kills but rather just to know where the
enemy is located so you see somebody
pops out of the crate right over there
so I go out try and get him I get in but
one of his teammates shoots me in the
back so yeah
teammates in this game they're usually
cluttered up rather than spread out so
if you shoot one guy stay on your toes
because there's usually somebody right
next to him yeah moving on I'm saying
moving on too much or just upsetting
movin on movin on movin on movin on a
zoo on back to the gameplay you see a
run on this bridge right here and try
and pick people off on the train station
try and pick people people off across
the rail railings but I do get a few
kills here but later on I do get picked
off because people in this game blend so
well in the environment so it's kind of
hard to tell the location of people so
you're gonna have to watch out for that
so give my submachine gun pin trying to
get more of those the whole purpose of
using the engineer class gonna rack up
points trying to get platinum stars on
all the guns which is really challenging
and really long but I'm up for it anyway
so this is near the end of the game
thanks for watching
comments on what you think subscribe
favorite like this video if you liked it
and I'll see you guys later pshh